#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.test.in
#
anybadge==1.8.0
    # via pylint-gitlab
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.9.3
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-gitlab
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-docker
backports-entry-points-selectable==1.1.1
    # via virtualenv
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via paramiko
black==22.1.0
    # via -r requirements.test.in
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.4
    # via black
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   schema
coverage[toml]==6.3.2
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==35.0.0
    # via paramiko
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.test.in
distlib==0.3.3
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.6.0
    # via docker-compose
django==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-basicauth
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   model-bakery
django-basicauth==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
docker[ssh]==5.0.3
    # via docker-compose
docker-compose==1.29.2
    # via pytest-docker
dockerpty==0.4.1
    # via docker-compose
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   docker-compose
    #   internetarchive
filelock==3.4.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
filetype==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.test.in
fs==2.4.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via playwright
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.11.2
    # via pylint-gitlab
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
internetarchive==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-gitlab
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint-gitlab
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   internetarchive
jsonpointer==2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via docker-compose
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   pylint-gitlab
lxml==4.7.1
    # via -r requirements.test.in
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   pylint-gitlab
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-gitlab
model-bakery==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.test.in
more-itertools==8.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   anybadge
    #   pylint-gitlab
    #   pytest
    #   tox
paramiko==2.8.0
    # via docker
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-gitlab
    #   virtualenv
playwright==1.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.test.in
    #   pytest-playwright
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psycopg2-binary==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyee==8.2.2
    # via playwright
pylint==2.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.test.in
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-gitlab
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-django==2.5.2
    # via -r requirements.test.in
pylint-gitlab==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.test.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via pylint-django
pynacl==1.4.0
    # via paramiko
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   packaging
    #   pylint-gitlab
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.test.in
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-docker
    #   pytest-playwright
pytest-base-url==1.4.2
    # via pytest-playwright
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.test.in
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.test.in
pytest-docker==0.10.3
    # via -r requirements.test.in
pytest-playwright==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via freezegun
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via docker-compose
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via pytest-playwright
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   fs
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker-compose
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
    #   docker-compose
    #   internetarchive
    #   pytest-base-url
sanitize-filename==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
schema==0.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   internetarchive
sentry-sdk==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bcrypt
    #   dockerpty
    #   fs
    #   internetarchive
    #   jsonschema
    #   pynacl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
    #   websocket-client
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
texttable==1.6.4
    # via docker-compose
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-gitlab
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
tox==3.24.4
    # via -r requirements.test.in
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   internetarchive
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   playwright
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-gitlab
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.10.0
    # via tox
websocket-client==0.59.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   docker-compose
websockets==10.1
    # via playwright
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   pylint-gitlab
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pylint-gitlab

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
